Xiaguan thinks
This plan was not made by a lamb
It must be the elders in the family writing in secret
As long as this plan is not a lamb laughing alone
Then he is the sin of bullying the king
This grandson really doesn't miss a chance
An inexplicable crime of bullying the king
It's on my head.
Your Majesty, I have a covenant with the Lamb
Know him well
This must be as Cui Zhuangyuan said
The lamb was visited by the elders of the household
To be so clever as a knife
Please also ask Your Majesty to see the lamb
What can you say?
Your Majesty, the grass-roots people dare to ask Your Majesty
How did the grass-roots people learn the proposition that His Majesty wants to ask?
If you don't know first
So how do you come up with a standard answer?
Cui Zhuangyuan's move
No intention, His Majesty Xiao Qiao, you are crazy
gibberish
How dare I question His Majesty?
The officer is questioning you
Who on the whole street doesn't know that he is playing with pants
Such deep chicken feathers
How could you have come up with it?
Black Zhuang, don't you understand a word?
Call Shibetsu Three Days
When impressed
Nineteen Years of Longsword
Sword Fight Kyushu
originally
I want to get along with you as an ordinary person
But now His Majesty needs talent
When Heaven is going to give a great responsibility to someone
The grass-roots can only stand up
Solve His Majesty's problems
You are enough without love
The tide ebbs.
Wait, what are these tweezers doing?
lamb
What else do you want?
Your Majesty
Before the grass people come to see His Majesty
Made a bet with Cui Zhuangyuan
If the grass-roots can answer the questions asked by His Majesty
Then Cui Zhuangyuan will kneel in front of the grass people and apologize
now
It is also time for Cui Zhuangyuan to fulfill his promise